feat: added a new option: --no-markdown for sarif output (#2630)
snyk/snyk: help/cli-commands/code.md

Return results in SARIF format.

## `--no-markdown`

> Should be used when using `--sarif`. Will remove the `markdown` field from the `result.message` object. Might help if parsing `arguments` is not working properly.

Reviewer: Docs should be written in active voice.
Also, I'm not sure about the "Might help if" part, but up to you.

```suggestion
Removes the `markdown` field from the `result.message` object. Should be used when using `--sarif`. 
```
